aan abuhan was born on October the 6th
in Gaza just one day before the worst
escalation in the decades long conflict
between Palestinians and Israelis Ian is
fortunate to have survived nearly half
of those killed in Gaza are children
he's landed in Manila his grandmother's
Homeland his parents were too shaken to
talk but other Filipino Palestinians who
arrived with them say they faced death
every single day they're about 50 m away
we were just shopping for groceries uh
trying to buy whatever is left there and
then all of a
sudden Aman's brother isar shot this
video of Israeli air strikes from their
apartment they moved to the South as
instructed but they say it was no
different I don't think we were human
Shields the bombings it didn't look like
anywhere it didn't look like anything
that they were targeting somebody
this is the alabas family car it was
destroyed along with buildings around it
by Israeli
bombardment my son who has Down syndrome
will sit down in a corner and cry in
fear whenever he heard a sound of bombs
dropping rina's husband nii is grateful
to have been able to flee with his
immediate family but he worries for
relatives who've been left behind of
course my mother my father my brother
26 Filipinos have chosen to stay in Gaza
because their Palestinian spouses
weren't allowed to cross into
Egypt Filipinos who come home from
Israel are mostly migrant workers but
Filipinos from Gaza their wives and
children of Palestinians in other words
Gaza is their home and to have to leave
home is always a difficult choice to
make those who made it out of Gaza with
their families say they're relieved and
feel safe now but there were no tearful
nor joyful reunions they didn't know
where to go or what to do clearly they
have to rebuild their lives from the
ground up but they had no plans except
to escape the violence in Gaza barnabo
Al jazer
Manila make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer